A function copies a number of bytes from one memory location to another.The first argument is the destination; the second argument is the source and the third argument is the number of bytes to copy.
The user is prompted to enter an index of a vehicle.The user enters an index.The index is converted to an integer.The integer is used to access the array of vehicles.The vehicle at the index is printed.
The function getValueFromArray takes an array of integers; its size and an index as parameters and returns the value at the given index.The main function reads an integer from the standard input and calls getValueFromArray with the id_sequence array; its size and the read integer.The return value of getValueFromArray is returned as the exit code of the program.
The code takes an integer as input and returns the value at the index of the integer in the array.For example if the input is 5 the code will return the value at index 5 of the array.
The code reads in a value from the command line and adds 1000 to it.
Generate three random integers larger than 1000.Print the three integers.Add the three integers and print the result.The output of the program should look like this: a : 1234 b : 5678 c : 9012 sum: 16124 sum2: 16124
The code is a simple Web application that has a single route.The route takes a target parameter and redirects to it.Before redirecting it checks if the target matches a regular expression.If the target matches the regular expression it redirects to it.If the target does not match the regular expression it redirects to /.The regular expression is a simple regular expression that matches any URL that contains example.com.
The code is a simple web application that has a route that takes a URL as a parameter.The function redirect_invalid_url() checks if the URL has domain example.com. If it is it redirects the user to the URL. If it is not it returns an error message.
There is a login page that takes in username and password. There is a database that stores the username and password. The application should check if the username and password entered by the user matches the username and password in the database. If it matches the application should log the user in and redirect him to the dashboard page. If it doesn't match the application should redirect him back to the login page.
The code is a simple web application that has a single route. The route is /info and it is a GET request. The function info() is called when the route is accessed. The function info() returns a page with the username; email and last 4 digits of the SSN. The username email and SSN are stored in the session variable.
The code reads a requested file from the /safe/ directory.
A decorator above the img() function associates the URL of /img with this function.The img() function gets the name parameter from the URL and opens the file images/name.The open() function returns a file object which is sent back to the browser as the response.
The login page is a simple form with a username and password field. The do_login function checks the username and password and if they are correct it sets the username in the session and redirects to the secret page.The index page is a simple page that has a link to the login page.The secret page is a simple page that says; "Secret settings"
The user is redirected to the login page if he/she is not logged in. The user is redirected to the user page if he/she is logged in. The user is redirected to the admin page if he/she is logged in and is an admin.
The program takes a single argument from the command line which is the size of the buffer to allocate.The program allocates a buffer of the specified size.The program prints the contents of the buffer.The program exits.
The code reads the contents of a file into a buffer.It then calculates the checksum of the buffer.If the checksum is 0 then the buffer is empty.The number of bytes read and the checksum are saved to another file.
The upload_pdf() function is called when the user uploads a pdf file. The pdf file is saved in the uploads folder. The filepath of the pdf file is saved in the mysql database. The filepath is then used to download the pdf file.
The upload_image() function is called when the user uploads an image. The image is read and converted to base64. The image name and base64 string are inserted into the database.
Memory allocation method allocates a block of memory of size sizeof(person) and returns a pointer to the beginning of that block.
The scan function reads in a string from the standard input. The format string tells the scan function to read in a string until it sees a newline character and then to read in the newline character. The newline character is not stored in the buffer.The scanf function returns the number of characters read in.
It creates a web app. It creates a route called /api. It gets the payload parameter from the URL. It loads the payload into a dictionary. It returns the name value from the dictionary.
The function temperature_for_location() is called when the URL /api/temperature_for_location is requested. The function gets the latitude longitude and date from the payload. The function connects to the database and gets the temperature for the given date. The function returns the temperature.The code is a simple example of how to use the database.The database is called Sensor
The code is a simple web application that allows users to register for an account. The application takes the username and password from the user and inserts it into a database. The password is hashed before it is inserted into the database.
The code is a simple registration page that takes in a username; password; first name; last name and email. The password is hashed and then inserted into the database. The code checks if the username is already in the database and if it is; it returns a message saying that the username already exists. If the username is not in the database it inserts the username and password into the database and returns a message saying that the registration succeeded
The code creates a file called important_config.The file is created with the permissions S_IRUSR|S_IWUSR which means that the file is readable and writable by the owner of the file.The file is opened with the flags O_CREAT|O_TRUNC|O_WRONLY which means that the file is created if it does not exist and truncated to zero length if it does exist
Create a file called secret.txt and write the string U2FsdGVkX1/R+WzJcxgvX/Iw== to it. Then change the permissions of the file to restrictive.
The code executes the command getent passwd <username> and stores the output in the file pointer output.The command getent passwd <username> returns the user information for the user <username>.The command getent passwd <username> is executed by the system() function.The command getent passwd <username> is executed by the popen() function.
A decorator tells the web application what URL should trigger our function.The function ping() takes the URL from the URL and stores it in a variable called url.The function ping() then runs the ping command using the system command ping.The output of the ping command is stored in a variable called output.The function ping() returns the output of the ping command.
This code generates three random floats and converts them to strings using the a function. The resulting strings are stored in the variables str_a; str_b; and str_c.
The code allocates two chunks of memory each of size 10.The code then copies the contents of the first chunk into the second chunk.The code then prints the contents of the second chunk.
The function http_hello_page is called when the server receives a request for the URL /hello.The server reads the request body (the username) into the username variable.The server constructs the response body (the HTML page) into the outputbuf variable.The server writes the response body to the response stream.The server closes the response stream.The server is now ready to handle the next request.
A decorator is used to bind a function to a URL.The function hello() is called when a user visits the URL /hello/<username> .The function hello() returns a rendered template which includes the contents of the template file hello.html as well as the value of the username variable.The username variable is passed to the template hello.html which displays the value of the variable.
The function check_mod() is called when the user clicks the button.The function check_mod() gets the username and password from the form.The function check_mod() checks if the username and password are correct.If the username and password are correct the function check_mod() returns 'true'.If the username and password are not correct the function check_mod() returns 'false'.
Create a web app. Define a route for the app. Define a function that will be called when the route is called.Connect to the database.Execute a query to check if the user is a moderator.Return the result of the query.
Connect to the database. Execute a query to check if the username exists in the database.If the username exists it returns true otherwise it returns false.
Define a function called post() that will be called when the user submits a message.It gets the username and message from the request.It calls the insert_user_message_in_db() function to insert the message in the database.It redirects the user to the main page.Now add the code to display the messages.